[DOC] High level docs (#621)
nipoppy/nipoppy: docs/source/glossary.md

## Nipoppy terms

```{glossary}
Manifest file
    The manifest file at {{fpath_manifest}} contains ground truth information about the participants and visits/sessions available for a dataset.

    There must be only one row per unique participant/visit combination.

Global config file

>     The global configuration file at {{fpath_config}} contains the local environment details and configurations for running the available pipelines (e.g., pipeline version and runtime parameters).

Reviewer: Not quite true anymore, since most of the configuration is not done in the global config anymore, but rather in the smaller JSON files in the pipeline bundle directory

```suggestion
    The global configuration file at {{fpath_config}} allows for high-level configuration of the Nipoppy software tools (e.g., user-provided paths needed to run pipelines, container runtime arguments).
```

Tracker config file

>     Tracker config file list the expected output files for a given pipeline. Nipoppy checks the presence of these files to mark successful completion of the pipeline. Note that the default tracker configuration files are somewhat minimal and do not check all possible output files generated these pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The tracker config file lists the expected output files for a given pipeline. Nipoppy checks the presence of these files to mark successful completion of the pipeline. Note that the default tracker configuration files are somewhat minimal and do not check all possible output files generated these pipelines.
```
